OSDOCS#10702: Docs for Multiarch Tuning Operator (#76628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-architecture-modify-machine-set.adoc

To add ARM64 compute nodes to your cluster, you must create an Azure compute machine set that uses the ARM64 boot image. To create your own custom compute machine set on Azure, see "Creating a compute machine set on Azure".

[NOTE]
====

> Before adding a secondary architecture node to your cluster, it is recommended to install the Multiarch Tuning Operator, and deploy a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` object. For more information, see "Managing workloads on multi-architecture clusters by using the Multiarch Tuning Operator".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before adding a secondary architecture node to your cluster, it is recommended to install the Multiarch Tuning Operator, and deploy a `ClusterPodPlacementConfig` custom resource. For more information, see "Managing workloads on multi-architecture clusters by using the Multiarch Tuning Operator".
```
